It's 9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen,
and here in Hong Kong, you're watching
the China Show. I'm Annabelle Droolers
with David and Glas.
>> Good morning. We're counting down to the
open of markets in greater China. Let's
get to your top stories today. Stocks
across the Asia-Pacific [music] tracking
the the drop that we had or sharp drop.
Let me just underscore that point
[music] here on Wall Street as the AI
scare trade takes hold. But Korean tech
stocks are cushioning the blow here amid
warnings of [music] a supply shortage in
memory chips made by Samsung and SKHEX.
>> Well, bonds then they're rushing on the
they're bouncing rather on the rush to
safe havens while precious metals hold
on to [music] losses that were part of
the broader risk selloff.
>> Also ahead, Open AI accusing its Chinese
[music] rival DeepSeek of using unfair
methods to train its highly anticipated
next generation chatbot. [music]
And the Chinese currency extending gains
past a key level, marking [music] its
longest winning streak in 5 years.
Prominent economists are now calling on
Beijing to use the [music] opportunity
to loosen capital controls.
Okay. Um, so another day, another sector
that's been added to the scare trade,
uh, sectors. And I think what's
interesting is it's showed up primarily,
not completely
in non-Asian proxies, right? Logistics
overnight. You know, we're getting the
certainly the tailwind, the headwind
certainly, uh, because of it just
happens to be correlations in in equity
markets. But all that being said, the
sectors in the AI crosshairs are really
showing up and have showed up quite
significantly uh in many many cases. Uh
but when you look at Asia Pacific,
right, it's almost as if when you look
at the offset, it's really memory and
it's really lifting almost
single-handedly the Asian benchmark.
>> Yeah, I think that's sort of been the
main takeaway really we've heard from
analysts so far and it's it's true. Asia
is just higher up the AI value chain.
Yep. So, so yeah, you you actually do
have key beneficiaries out of all these
moves, but if you talk about the
activity we saw overnight, it's getting
a very long list now of this AI scare
trade. So, who would have thought that a
company that's worth $6 million on a
market cap
>> could cause so much turmoil across the
entire session?
>> Yeah. Well, I mean, your your future
trillion dollar large caps at some point
were $6 million market cap if you think
if you think about it that way, right?
in terms of the disruptions out there as
well. Um it's there are two things I
want to point out to when you look at
the equity markets today. Well, number
one, uh you know, it's Friday the 13th.
Not that that that should matter uh in
in in any stretch of the imagination,
but when you look at a market like
Korea,
>> it's really been the same dynamic we're
seeing there, right? In fact, most
stocks are actually down uh
substantially in terms of negative
breath there, but we're only down 610 of
9% 610 of a percent. And that's down to
again, you know, we woke up today
thinking we'd be dr we'd be down across
uh the big tech plays because of all the
games we've seen there, but you know,
Samsung is up yet again. Um so it just
goes to show and of course separately
there's a there's a there's an element
obviously in Japan, which we'll talk
about later, of course, and some of the
names there in Japan.
>> Yeah. Well, it's just those earnings
that keep rolling through and Kioxia is
one of the the latest really benefiting
from rising memory prices across the
board. But let's also just talk about
another big story we're going to be
watching today, which is what we got
overnight from OpenAI. And so they're
actually claiming essentially that
deepseek is distilling us models to gain
an a an edge here. And just to be clear,
uh distilling, it's it's a type of
technique essentially a compression
technique in AI uh knowledge
distillation where you're using
different methods where you have a
student model that's learning off a
teacher model and that's what they're
accusing DeepSeek of using.
>> Okay. uh and that's ahead of this highly
anticipated not yet confirmed of course
release of of DeepSeek over the holidays
that uh we're counting down possibility
possibility R2 release. Yeah. Um, we're
going into the open today, downdraft,
right? When you look at, I think, how K
web traded overnight, the golden dragon
index, all, you know, all indications
are we're going to get a a drop. But,
but the fact that you have somewhat of a
bounce, not so much in the NASDAQ
futures, you look at other contracts as
well does indicate maybe we've somewhat
ring fenced the the worst of it uh
overnight. The other proxy we we'd point
to of course is Aussie yen while still
trading at the lower end of the range of
the last two days or so is seeing a bit
of a bounce as well. Uh which is I guess
a good risk indicator there. Uh
materials very much in focus. Why you
are getting a decline of course across
the big gold plays and hence you're
getting declines across the proxies
there as well. Uh 10ear bonds coming up
on your screens your tens all the way
from treasuries down to New Zealand and
we are getting uh yeah the well an
extension of the rally still with the
exception of Japan where the story
remains this curve flattening which
quite had a substantial move to the
downside uh yesterday uh and yeah there
we go a two-year yield bottom of the
screens okay euro yen uh you talked
about gold and silver coming up on your
screen so interesting tidbit uh while we
are nearing or trading near the
strongest level in the yen going back
about two weeks or so. I had to look at
correlations. So, we're effectively not
as strong on the sort of weak yen
stronger equities trade. So, it might
not we weighing on equities as much as
this point in time. The other thing I
was putting out which I forgot to
mention too um so you know the Bloomberg
headline this week was Asian equities
are are
>> outperforming
>> outperforming the most uh by this I
think outperform the US by the most this
century the best start of the year the
century and the correlation actually
between MXP and S&P 500 is [snorts]
effectively half the 10-year average
going into 2026. That does underscore of
course the uh the I guess ability for
Asian equities to somewhat divorce
themselves from the rotation out of out
of MAG 7 and rotation out of the US.
Okay. Uh that's just to say A50 futures
coming online. 10-year yield in China.
Yep, there we go. We're now below not
just 1.8 1.78% on on the currency itself
6.9%. We are slightly weaker. Uh we are
though on seven days of declines in
dollar China. you make it eight, that
takes us, of course, a couple of years
back, but currently, of course, we're
still on track for the longest win
streak on the Yuan going back to 2021.
>> Let's also, as you were mentioning
there, really that that I guess the
insulation that Asia has when it comes
to to the fear that we're seeing on Wall
Street really being reflected around
entire business models and sectors being
disrupted. where it's perhaps been most
clear is in is in Korea because you've
got this chart here but taking a look at
at stocks essentially just heading to
the moon [laughter]
>> but you know just such a a strong equity
market story and and uh JP Morgan there
you can see raising their bullcase a
7500 target on that index
>> yeah it's quite something
>> it is really [laughter]
>> right that's the bull case though just
that's the caveat I think it's 6,000 on
the base case in fact to tell us more
about uh the target what gets us there
do go do we need to go beyond memory and
defense and look at you know uh a
broader rally in Korea at that joining
us here on set Modas Asian equity and
quant strategist at JP Morgan they've
come out of course with a specific
target so yeah just lay out the the base
case and the bull case and what gets us
to the bull case
>> right so the base case is 6,000 like you
said the bull case is 7500 the bull case
assumes that on top of what you're
seeing on the memory side on top of what
you're seeing on the governance side on
top of what you're seeing in these
structural thematics like defense and
ship building, you also get a lot of
capital repatriation.
>> And what we've seen in Korea
traditionally is that both the retail
and the institutional money tends to
leave Korea a lot.
>> Um and in fact the lack of home buyers
as we talk about in Korea is quite
remarkable. Uh so if most of this or at
least some of this money starts to come
back and invest into Korean equities uh
both from the institutional and from the
retail side uh that takes us to the
bullcase. Of course all of this again
assumes that global equities remain kind
of in an upward trajectory because
that's kind of underpins everything
else.
>> What what tempts investors back then
because the story around Korea has been
there for a period. What is it that's
missing to to really get them to
re-engage or engage to the level that
gets you to to that upper end target?
>> Yeah. So that you say it's been around
for a while, but it's only been like 8
months or so, right, since the rally got
started. And for many investors who are
not looking at markets every day like we
do, uh that period is just not enough.
So you've seen Korea substantially
outperform Mac 7 over one year, which is
kind of the benchmark that many Korean
retail investors would be looking at. M
>> uh but one year of underperformance is
kind of can be written off as a one-off
>> um and doesn't really tempt you to bring
the money back. But if this continues
into the second year, that starts to
change the picture. In fact, when we
speak with a lot of Korean nationals,
we're starting to see that happening at
this point. I'm curious if you can
comment at all on on the crypto story in
Korea because this is one of the most
active trading environments for for
crypto in from a retail perspective but
they've actually been leaving that
market and going back into equities. Do
have you looked at that at all as as
being a driver?
>> I mean we we're not crypto analysts so
you know I don't
>> no just the trading I guess just people
shifting out of crypto and into
equities. It's true that retail
investors in Korea I would say they have
three big asset classes they play with.
Korean equities which has been shrinking
for 15 years, US equities which has been
growing for 15 years and crypto. Um and
of course with the performance that we
have seen Korea retail investors
everywhere are momentum traders right so
if you see the performance going bad
then you go look for something else
>> and that's what's happening here.
I mean amidst this almost parabolic look
at the charts in Korea, has there been
any early signs of attitudes changing uh
you know this lack of home buyers? Is
that starting to sort of ground itself?
>> Yeah. So if you look at the retail flows
in the Korean market and we get very
good flow data in Korea. So um we've
started to see some signs of that. Saw a
little bit of buying in November and
December last year but then it kind of
rolled over in January. um towards the
end of January when we saw that
volatility in the Korean market we've
started to see retail investors come
back into the market a little bit
>> what's your take basic question
valuations right now following what 110%
rally give or take
>> yeah so Korean uh if you look at the
rerating last year it basically just
undoes the D-rating from the year before
>> okay
>> on a relative basis right like Korea has
always been relatively cheaper versus
Asian markets versus US markets global
markets and what we've seen last year
and year to date so far is just undoing
the derating that the Korean market has
gone through in the last two years
>> and the how are you looking at market
you know concentration risk here at this
point in time I mean this this this
whole banter it's cost B2 against the
cost B 834
>> but that's so if you yes definitely the
cost P2 have outperformed substantially
and these stocks are the biggest
beneficiaries of the rally in memory
prices that we've seen right but the
rest of the market is doing well blue,
right? Like you got the governance
reforms which is driving a broad-based
rerating uh you got all these long-term
thematics from defense to ship building
to nuclear to uh you know robotics uh
grid equipment all of these things are
doing well. So if you look at MSCI Korea
X the two that's also doing quite well
that's also outperforming Asia X Japan
which by the way is outperforming global
equities massively. Uh so it's not just
a story of those two stocks. It's it's
kind of a broad market rally here.
>> It is the assumption that gets us to the
bull case. We will need a broadening out
of this rally beyond let's call let's
call it memory.
>> That's that that's fair to say. So all
stocks will need to participate. It
can't be just two stocks driving the
market to 7500.
>> Mixo stick with us because we're going
to have more on Asian equities across
the rest of the region in the next
block. That was Mixo Dance there from JP
Morgan. uh staying around, but also
let's just take a look because we're
we're on the countdown to the market
openings and uh some of the key metrics.
We were just talking there about the the
memory chip play in in South Korea,
[clears throat] but actually it showed
up as well in some of the earnings we
had. So Lenovo, for instance, yesterday
in the session, we know they've been
stockpiling memory chips, but they're
also having to look at at price hikes
essentially for some of their different
devices. Huah Hong, we saw some results
there, but essentially forecasting
revenue misses uh with that China AI
race heating up. uh some of the other
big movers. So we got Sans China, Bank
of East Asia reporting later today.
We've got that data at the bottom of the
hour with China home prices and then of
course the rally that we're seeing uh in
in in in bonds and and equities of FX
rather as well.
>> Yeah. Uh so the fix of the day should be
coming out in about 2 minutes or so. Uh
apart from that some sectors to watch
obviously as Bel was pointing out in
terms of the data points coming through.
The most immediate will be the property
sector given of course the home price
numbers coming through and of course
HSBC will be joining us in a couple of
minutes to help unpack the property
story on shore separately of course but
related to that is the REIT story as far
as the pipeline is is concerned. Okay.
Uh miners uh we showed you what's been
happening in Sydney and some of the gold
miners there of course want to watch. Uh
as far as dairy goes if that's not clear
that's a cow on your screens.
>> That's a cow.
>> That's a cow, isn't it? Okay. Okay.
>> You can see the E tag.
>> Oh, okay. I thought it was a skunk, but
anyway, that's [laughter] No, because
they do have a they do have a similar
color color combination.
>> That's where the similarities end.
>> Well, clearly you haven't seen Looney
Tunes and Yes. Anyway, but that that's
just to say the EU yesterday, well,
China, of course, lowering the the
tariff there, EU dairy, EVs and tech,
all everything in focus here. of course
as we head into the
final session of the week and of course
I think going into next week right so we
don't have southbound uh no stock
connect so we'll just have to sort of uh
glide into that reality right uh coming
up open AI accusing deepseeek of using
back doors to train its chatbot on US
[music] model we have the details of
that story coming up next counting down
to the open of trade Shanghai Shenzhen
and here in Hong Kong this is the China
Oh,
right. Welcome back. The [music]
reference rate, that's the midpoint of
the day. Dollar China's seeing not a lot
of movement. Of course, bottom of the
screens is the yeah, six and the the
four decimal points there. 693
uh 98 against against the US dollar,
right? Uh earnings, we talked about
Lenovo and of course some of the memory
and chip place and of course this is
literally almost the uh the value chain
of chips coming up on your screen.
Memory.
>> Yeah, that's a good way of putting it
because remember the end of last year we
spoke with Lenovo following their
earnings and they were saying that they
were stockpiling memory chips and they
were pretty confident around the
outlook. But you did actually see it
playing out in the latest numbers
because they're saying that memory chip
disturbance is going to be lasting all
year and and you've got analysts for
instance like UBS that are saying
they're going to have to start hiking
prices on their devices throughout this
year as well which they actually did
flag to us again in that
>> was a possibility I think what they said
last time right
>> yeah it just sort of was like the
writing on the wall essentially but uh
and a flip side of that you can see
those big moves for Kioxia today for
instance over in Japan and they're not
uh in in the in the in in the DRAM space
where we're really seeing this acute
shortage as as players like SKH Highix
and Samsung shift their production
toward HBM. But at the same time, they
are benefiting from rising prices across
all memory categories and they're also
benefiting from from AI applications
that are demanding more data and that's
driving up as well uh demand for NAND.
So uh that is sort of the story you've
got there. But just to recap as well, we
got the the reaction from Bloomberg
intelligence on this. Steven Sang uh
who's also talking about Lenovo and
their figures but essentially saying
that they can sustain revenue growth but
double digit or low double digit in the
fiscal fourth quarter. So they've just
reported the the fiscal third quarter.
>> Okay. Well uh let's get a sense of where
so so this is the intersection between
the world beating stock market in Korea
and maybe the rest of the region here.
Uh for some final thoughts joining us
here on set Nick Sodas Asia equity quant
strategist at JP Morgan. If you guys are
correct, turn out to be correct in
Korea. Where does that leave the rest of
markets in the region?
>> Well, Korea is still our most preferred
market in the region. So that's, you
know, a market that we clearly like. And
like I mentioned, we have a base case
target of 6,000 on the Cosby and a
upside case of 7500. And for most
markets, the way we think about it is
that the markets are probably going to
trade between a base and bull cases into
the first half of this year. um as we
are seeing this this wall of liquidity
as we call it coming into EM
>> that's partly a function of the weaker
dollar partly a function of US markets
kind of going nowhere but also u global
investors just trying to diversify away
right compared to what they've been
holding for the last 15 years so as that
happens all markets in Asia will do well
uh you know we upgraded China to late
last year uh that's a market that we
think could be sort of a surprise
package for this year where you got the
momentum in Korea sustaining you got the
momentum in Singapore for sustaining. We
got momentum in gold and precious metals
and commodities sustaining, but the
turnaround story this year could be
China
>> and and and what does that look like in
terms of of the the base and then the
upside case as well? What what are the
different factors that you're going to
be watching most closely?
>> Yeah. So, I think the uh upside scenario
in China really results from three
things, right? One is policy stimulus.
>> Mhm. uh where we are expecting some
action as we head into the two sessions
in March, right? Particularly if they do
more on the property side and that is
able to stabilize property prices that
will then spread over into consumer
confidence and consumption broadly. So
that's one thing that we are very keenly
watching and in fact we see some in
initial signs of property prices
stabilizing especially in tier one
cities. Uh so that's encouraging. We'll
see more of how that plays out. Uh the
second thing is the retail money coming
into the market. Similar to Korea uh in
Korea the money has been going out of uh
Korea into US equities. In China the
money has been sitting in bank deposits
>> uh and that needs to move into more
riskier assets and as it moves into more
financial products uh that might bring
more liquidity into the market. So
that'll help uh to bring you know the
China indices both on the onshore and
the offshore market much higher. The
third thing is success with a lot of
these new technologies. AI is is
obviously very topical these days, but
you also got robotics, you got uh you
know semiconductors, you got biotech,
all of these areas where China is doing
really well.
>> Does do those points resonate with
foreign investors?
>> Yeah. So the thing is on the one hand
you got China doing really well on the
technology front and you know on the
innovation side but there is this
constant concern from investors and you
know we've uh met with lots of investors
in Singapore and Hong Kong recently um
and the constant concern is that
technology might be there but these
companies are not going to make money u
and the issue here is involution right
like China's been trying to push
anti-involution just for that reason u
the general concern among investors is
that even if you have the best
technology, if you're not able to
monetize it, equity investors don't
participate in that.
>> Um, so that again is something that
we're watching very closely for this
year because the program kind of started
last year. We think this is a multi-year
process and if there's more progress
made this year, that'll be great.
>> Views on gold as well. What are you what
are you thinking around your targets
there?
>> Yeah, so uh we have a 666 target like we
like to say. Uh 6,000 Cosby, 6,000 on
SDI, that's Singapore. um and 63
actually 6,300 on gold. Um and that's a
function of sort of the demand
broadening that we're seeing simply uh
uh gold and pretty much every commodity
the price targets are based on supply
demand imbalances. Uh and in the case of
gold the supply kind of doesn't go a lot
uh but the demand can change a lot uh
and right now we're seeing central
bankers individuals um basically the
demand for gold is so strong that the
physical supply and deliveries is just
very very constrained.
As long as that remains the case, gold
moves higher. Of course, in all of these
momentum spaces, what we've seen in the
last like 2 weeks or so is that you get
positioning crowding
>> and then you know especially systematic
investors tend to sell when wall goes
higher and then it causes some
volatility. So you can see the p chart
of gold and cos look very similar
>> even though they're completely
unrelated. Um but that that sort of
happens. We take it in our stride and we
think that the the fundamentals of gold
fundamentals in Cosby and and in in
Singapore remain very solid.
>> Mixo, great to have you this morning.
Yeah, that was Mix Odas there, Asia
equity and quant strategist at JP
Morgan. Quick check on markets as we
head into the open. Actually setting up
for quite a lot of weakness in the Hong
Kong session. Already off 1.5% in
pre-market, continuing to track uh those
yields on CGB's moving as well. Is that
an eighth day now that we're going to be
going in that direction?
>> If it's strengthened, it's number eight
today. Number eight today.
>> We'll watch that one. But uh plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
Right. Uh we're looking at about one and
a half% declines here across the uh the
early indications across the benchmarks.
Right now we have weakened back above
the 690 handle on uh on the currency. I
mean certainly [music] a weak dollar has
persisted going into uh going into this
Friday. Uh just keep in mind in a couple
of minutes home price numbers are coming
out so we'll bring them to you once we
have more [music] details and once that
drops on your terminals in our terminals
and just to keep in mind as well right
so couple of markets already shuts and I
think when you go into next week there
will be no stock connect because of
course [music] mainland will be shut in
a few days next week also Hong Kong is
shut anyway trading debuts on your
screens plenty more ahead this is
Bloomberg
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show Friday the 13th, which means
[music] it's going to be a Valentine's
date Saturday. Um, I've so far refused
any temptation [music] to fall for again
being swindled by the FnB industry. Um,
the same menu items just rearranged and
called something else. And
>> I'm not going to suggest that you stay
strong, [music] Dave. [laughter]
>> Well,
>> don't cave to the pressure. I will
buckle though. I can tell you that right
now. In fact, I've been looking at
>> the 11th hour.
>> 11th [laughter] hour.
>> In fact, in the next commercial break,
that's when I'm going to pull the
trigger on this submit your orders
>> this reservation. But anyway, we're also
looking at the home price numbers coming
through any moment now. Well, we look at
that. Of course, the open is coming up.
>> Yep. So, we [music] finished yesterday
uh well, we finished yesterday in in
pretty flat actually for the session,
but you're actually opening this morning
to the downside here. Couple of
different sectors that we're tracking in
particular. Yes, those property numbers,
we're going to be watching for those any
moment now. I'll just have a look at my
screen, see if they're out. But but
essentially, uh we we're coming into
that Luna New Year break next week as
well. And so really maybe traders are
just going to be
>> quite happy to have a few days away from
their screens just given that the sort
of pressure that we've seen of late. Uh
what else is especially for Hong Kong
markets, I should say. But it really
does depend, I think, on the direction
that Wall Street takes because even
though we've been talking about how Asia
is a lot more insulated uh from Wall
Street trading, of course, it's very
sensitive to the direction it takes
during this holiday period. So, we've
just got those home prices out right
now, Dave. Uh you want to go through
them?
>> Yes, why not? Okay, so I'm just going to
get some context here bringing up one of
my charts, but the first number that's
out, existing home prices down
um half of 1% month, new home prices are
down 4%. I'm rounding up by the way the
exact number is.37%
negative month on month existing is
negative.54%
which is actually just give me a moment
here
a de a ever so slight deceleration in in
in the price declines that's also just
to say we've seen successive declines
month in new home prices across 70
cities going back to June June 20 uh 23.
On your screens, we're getting some
weakness coming through in the currency.
Uh might be down to the fact that you
did have a uh not not a very punchy fix,
but this does seem to be somewhat
indicative of what's what's taking place
right now. It's also worth pointing out,
right, we woke up in Asia this morning,
risk averse session overnight, cross
asset, everything from equities, you
know, a very strong
>> um uh bit across the bond space as well.
Gold obviously has been has seen better
days, but yes. Oh, we are continuing to
track higher here on dollar China.
Anyway, while we wait for more data, why
don't we have a look at how we're
opening here in Hong Kong bill?
>> Yeah, and actually just still on that
property story, I did want to take a
look at how China bunker was fairing
because yesterday we saw shares rising
as much as 8% in the session, but there
was some reporting out uh that that
essentially they could be in line for a
rescue package. She's seeing that stock
today just a little bit under pressure
so far but also keeping a close watch on
what's happening in the tech space
because we see seen a lot of pressure as
I said for the Hangen tech gauge and uh
particularly notable for names like
Alibaba bu Xiaomi as well but uh the the
AI story I mean look at Jipu there Zai
of course uh yesterday coming out with
this new model or a model update
essentially this is the GLM foundation
model it's the fifth iteration and
yesterday I mean it gains of more than
30% actually for that company. So
continuing to to translate across the
session today. Miniax of course the
other uh real startup that lists on the
same day or day after actually of ZAI
also gaining there for another session.
Sense time a bit under pressure. It was
one of the early leaders but it was
earlier added as well to the MSCI uh
China gauge. Also taking a look again at
those property stocks. under pressure
here so far in the session today. But
just recapping uh those China property
numbers uh because we have seen new home
prices as you said falling uh for
another month essentially.
>> Yes, negative.37%
and yeah just all to say that in terms
of some of the index changes we forgot
to mention that it's the it's the
quarterly review of Hang Sang and I
think that comes out later today. Just
keep an eye on that of course as you
make your way and sort of uh glide into
this uh the Valentine weekend. Okay. Um
let's talk about the property space
right now. Have you know how have things
changed? Not so much month to month but
certainly I think it's worth pointing
out from a year you know how have things
improved where are things improving
where are things fairly stagnant if not
the opposite. Joining us here on set
Michelle Quark is head of Asia real
estate research at HSBC. Good morning.
Very nice to see you. Thank you for
coming in.
Initial take uh the number
>> oh initial take I think is uh more or
less within expectation. Um I think home
price weakness is something that we have
to continue to um contextualize uh and
think about what that actually means.
We've already come a long way. Um prices
have more or less I would say uh been
hovering around fairly low level for
quite some time. Uh what's important at
the moment is with all the policies that
have been building up um into the data
release and into um the spring season,
are we going to see better sales? I
think that's really the critical factor
driving a recovery from here. So home
price weakness probably I would say
don't read too much into it but what I
would pay attention to is actually how
the secondary market is going to fair.
What we have seen the last eight weeks I
would say is a progressive stabilization
of secondary home price. Um the number
of secondary listing has declined and
what that actually means is that
existing home buyers and home owners
they are actually not so urgent to
offload their property anymore. So I
think we're off to a fairly good start.
And I think the year-to- date rally um
that we have seen really uh is a
reflection of the optimism uh for 2026.
what what's driving that optimism? Why
are people less less inclined to offload
their their their used house or
secondary home?
>> Well, so I think there are two things,
right? The first is um the state journal
that was published in January and
subsequent to that I think there is this
this policies that was building up um up
until today we had uh three to four uh
important regions coming through to uh
announce different packages and all of
this in terms of the intensity of these
packages right um it's actually setting
us up to rebuild expectation that um the
Chinese government actually cares about
the housing market and so that stabiliz
ization narrative uh is playing out and
what's also very important is that
fourth quarter last year we've seen um
expectations being quite low and so from
fairly low base for us to be rebuilding
something here uh that's uh basically
lowhanging fruit
>> what about transaction not value volumes
specifically what are you seeing as far
as that that that metric is
>> I think for secondary um important to
talk about secondary first because
usually secondary leads uh primary
>> primary
>> so secondary when we see some of the key
cities say in Shanghai, we've had
stabilization of volume for a couple of
months already and that's very telling
because if you have volume stabilizing,
listing coming off, that's a very
critical sign that demand is more or
less uh coming back because home prices
have corrected enough already. So there
is actually value in purchasing property
after the correction that we've seen
over the course of the last few years.
So I guess that the the sense of whether
we're actually heading in an improved
direction and the sustainability of it,
you're saying we could actually get
answered within the next few months if
you start to see more positivity out of
those spring sales.
>> I surely think so because for us at
HSBC, we have been talking about 2026
inflection uh since uh 2024. Um we stick
to that view. Uh we we feel quite
confident. Um inventory is making some
progress. uh headline number national
inventory is down a little bit low
single digit but we do have around 18
cities or so with more than 10 10%
decline in inventory so for me that's a
very encouraging data point um it takes
time this downturn that we have seen is
the first of this scale and magnitude
but I think the Chinese real estate
market is the one market that has been
through this properly so we have seen
consolidation in a very large scale what
we have also seen is that um the weaker
developer developers being weeded out.
So we're left with a fairly healthy
universe of players uh that were to come
back and demonstrate their resilience uh
into a recovery. How would you describe
financing conditions across
>> Vancco for example just as an example
right so how do you look at that you
know those those
you know it's it's a stabilizing story
but you every now and then you get a
really bad headline like this
>> yeah so I would say incrementally the
number of headlines we get um it's uh I
would say quite minimal um Veni is an
idiosyncratic risk to us um this is
something that uh we look at as very
specific to China Vanke key um the
rescue package if it does come through
80 billion uh involving 20 20 billion of
a placement I think that is actually a
very big package it's even above what
the upcoming maturity would entail so
our view here is that if it comes to
gray but even if it doesn't our base
case is that Vani has to go through that
restructuring and that's idiosyncratic
to China Vanke um but the good news here
is that with this news coming through
that there may be a package for Vankei
um it's actually going to be beneficial
to the quality private developers
because what it actually means is that
these developers could benefit from
lower funding costs in the offshore
market.
>> And so whichever way we look at it, I
think if it does come through, it's
great for Vanie, great for the market,
great for sentiment. Uh but if it
doesn't, uh our view has been that this
is idiosyncratic. It's a Venke specific
issue. The rest of the universe is
actually tracking along fine. Is there
anything that tests the the the optimism
in that case that we see more of a
recovery or an inflection point to use
your words uh this year?
>> I think it's very important for us to uh
keep a very close eye to March data uh
after the Chinese New Year uh when we
approach this peak pre-sale season. If
March does well um and importantly if
the policy uh continue to uh come
through to support uh the recovery
narrative then I think the confidence of
market building that 2026 would have a
uh stabilization or even a progressive
recovery that would play out very
nicely. this this pipeline of REITs it
very niche obviously we're getting the
pipeline but does that signal anything
to you as far as what the the health of
the monetization is concerned or is that
also idiosyncratic to those
>> specific for these reads like we talked
about it last time I came on the show um
REITs is uh something that is um I think
getting more and more popular on shore
because uh interest rate is very low on
shore
>> okay
>> um and so there's this hunt for yield
and the rits actually come in quite
handy what we have seen is a nice
compression in in the yield um after
these assets get actually spun off. Um
and so it actually demonstrates that
there's actually huge demand for these
stable yielding asset um uh uh vehicles.
Um the challenge is can we keep up with
the pace of supply? Uh are we able to
find you know sufficient assets with
that uh quality and stable income
generating ability to be able to qualify
uh to to spin off. So asset monetization
is something that we'll keep a very
close eye on. But I think uh on this
right we have to focus on the uh
developers that actually have uh a large
enough and quality enough uh portfolio
of shopping malls and this is actually
one of the reasons that we feel quite
optimistic about not just residential
this year but I think the quality
landlords actually have a lot to
demonstrate in 2026.
>> Michelle, great to have you back on
Bloomberg TV and enjoy your break next
week as well. Thank you very much.
>> Have a lot to eat.
>> Yeah, that's what we were saying just
before in the air break. Everyone's got
big food plans for next week. Uh
Michelle Quac there, head of Asia real
estate research at HSBC. And coming up,
the US and Taiwan strike a trade deal,
cutting tariffs and channeling billions
of dollars in investments into an
[music] American into American energy
and tech projects. We'll have the
details next. This is Bloomberg.
Well, OpenAI has warned US lawmakers
that its Chinese rival Deep Seek is
unfairly extracting results from leading
US AI models to train the next
generation of its chatbot. Let's bring
in our China correspondent Mim Lo uh to
tell us really more about the
accusations here. This is quite uh this
is quite a a big one that's being
leveled uh by OpenAI.
>> Yeah, it is Bel. And OpenAI is
essentially saying that Deep Seek is
free riding on its technology using
distillation technique. This is a
technique where you use an existing
large language model to train a new
large language model instead of training
it from scratch using a large amount of
raw data which obviously will be much
more expensive and less efficient. So uh
OpenAI is saying that they have found
DeepSec employees uh using third-party
routers to access its output in order to
mask their source and that they are also
writing codes to access the output in a
programmatic way. Um so this is a
serious accusation that could really
erode the credibility of deepseek and
openai is also framing deepseek as a
national security threat because of its
bias towards the Chinese communist party
its censorship of results and also the
fact that it doesn't charge as much as
other US companies and that could erode
the market share of US companies as
well.
>> Have we has has Deepseek responded and
what does it mean if I'm not
overthinking things in terms of
relations between the two? So we we
haven't heard from Deep Seek but we know
that OpenAI has filed uh and sent a memo
to the US House Select Committee and we
had already heard from some Republican
lawmakers who say that this is a classic
Chinese Communist Party playbook where
they would steal, copy and kill. So it
really depends on the momentum in the
White House, right? and whether
lawmakers would work on, you know,
coming up with new laws to retaliate
against Deep Seek, whether it's putting
it on a blacklist, more sanctions, or
perhaps even rolling back the latest
loosening of restrictions when it comes
to the export of H200 chips to China.
So, we'll have to see what happens. Um,
and obviously this could potentially
derail the existing trade truths that US
and China has as well.
>> Minman, thank you so much. Mman, our
China correspondent there. From one
front to another, you have Washington
and Taipei
>> finalizing this trade deal to cut
tariffs and also boost market access for
US products in the Asia Pacific. Goods
from Taiwan will now face 15, that's one
5% tariffs with some exceptions for
things like tech and pharma. Now,
Taiwan's pledging to buy $44 billion of
US energy and also further open its
markets. But uncertainty, that's a very
long introduction. Uncertainty remains
over Taipe's promises to invest hundreds
of billions in US chipm.
>> All right, let's bring in our Bloomberg
Politics editor, Laura Davidson, joining
us this morning. So, Laura, this has
obviously been something that's been I'm
not going to necessarily say hard
negotiated, but it was certainly
negotiated over a long period of time.
So, so what's the significance of this
pact?
>> So, the significance is is that they
finally uh inked it. They they had a
signature. They had the whole ceremony
in Washington today. Uh but what's
noteworthy is what's not in this deal.
Um as as we mentioned uh all the
chipmunk uh promises, pledges um you
know that were talked about when they
initially announced this last January
that there would be $250 billion um in
terms of uh Taiwanese companies
investing in US manufacturing and plants
and then another $250 billion of loan
guarantees from the Taiwanese
government. That is not really
articulated here and that really sets up
a problem going forward. Um the Chinese,
sorry, the Japanese really are
experiencing this right now as they're
negotiating with Howard Lutnik trying to
kind of hammer out the details of this
$550 billion investment fund. Uh there's
negotiations going on right now in
Washington and and the and the top
negotiator for Japan came out and said
that there's still a big gap. And if
that's what he's saying publicly behind
closed doors, it's likely even more
contentious. So this is uh you know just
kind of an indication that these deals
can be struck. There can be lots of
fanfare but there's still a lot of
details to be worked out in the back end
when the rubber hits the road
>> in terms of the US commitment in terms
of investment in into the Taiwanese
market. What do we know about that that
that that part of the agreement
>> that also is a little bit um hazy there
uh you know have have been some you know
for key industries looking at
agriculture looking at tech looking at
uh but but there's not a specific plan
of numbers when that's going to happen a
timeline for that. So, a lot of this
still has a lot of gray area. It's sort
of handshake, pledge, promise. Um, but
this is where, um, particularly with
Trump, things can get a little bit
tricky. If he decides he doesn't like
how something is going, it's not moving
fast enough. Just ask the South Koreans.
They experience this of having a deal
and then having him reneg on this deal.
It can really create a lot of um
difficulty for uh, you know, kind of
companies that need certainty or or
governments that had planned on
something. If suddenly uh, a true social
post hits the wire and uh, the deal they
thought they had is no longer in
existence.
>> Yeah. Again, a lot of pressure, I guess,
when it's really coming down to TSMC and
and what their capex plans are as well
for the US. Uh Laura, great to have you.
That was Laura Davidson there, our
Bloomberg, Washington deputy bureau
chief as well. Uh we're going to be
getting reaction in the next hour from
BFA Global Research. That's after they
almost doubled their Taiwan growth
forecast. That was early this week to 8%
earlier at 4.5%. But what they're saying
is a relentless AI frenzy. We'll have
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
In some world [music] news this morning,
Bloomberg's learned that Venezuela plans
to grant more oil production land to
Chevron [music] and Repzol. Sources say
officials in Caracas are preparing to
award the exploration and production
blocks as soon as this week. US energy
[music] secretary Chris Wright has
toured a project a project operated by
Chevron in Venezuela's orco oil belt.
Washington's [music] push for private
companies to rebuild the nation's energy
sector.
President [music] Trump says he can see
negotiations with Iran stretching for as
long as a month as he seeks a diplomatic
agreement that would roll back Tyran's
[music] nuclear ambitions. He also says
it will be very traumatic for Iran if it
fails to reach an agreement. Trump's
comments [music] come a day after he met
with Prime Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu at the White House.
>> It's ultimately up to me if the uh deal
isn't a very fair deal and a very good
deal with Iran and it's going to be a I
think a very difficult time for them.
I'll talk to them as long as I like and
we'll see if we can get a deal with
them. And if we can't uh we'll have to
go to phase two. Phase two will be very
tough for them. I'm not looking for
that.
Russia has [music] set out proposals
that could see it embrace the dollar
again as part of a broad economic
partnership with the Trump [music]
administration. A Kremlin document
reviewed by Bloomberg says Moscow sees
shared interests with the US, [music]
including investments in natural gas and
critical raw materials. The plan would
be a reversal of policy and could weaken
the relationship between Moscow and
Beijing.
>> Okay. Uh let's Well, that's the dollar
on your screens really. at 11.82 we've
come from a north of 1,200 means on a
dollar China sort of labeling
perspective this is year to date there
right uh so we've gone from well we took
out 7 last year and certainly we've been
trading below that 690 was of course the
the level we were watching very very
very recently we're just above that
right now let's call it down 1% stronger
on the Chinese currency on a basket
basis it's also worth pointing out the
yuan on a basket basis is up about 2 and
a.5% from the low last year, which
effectively means we're looking at a
effectively a stronger Chinese currency,
not just against the dollar, but against
its the basket appears there.
>> Yeah, the basket being really a very
important metric to track. But just on
that point of of strengthening, we've
we've actually heard from several
prominent Chinese economists because
they've been calling for looser capital
controls and arguing that a weaker
dollar provides an opportunity to boost
the yuan's global appeal by increasing
its convertability. CICC's chief
strategist says conditions are becoming
ripe to push for such reforms without
provoking massive capital outflows. And
a sing university professor says this
year and next are the strategic window
for opening up that capital account.
Yeah, I think those were really the same
comments. And I think for our viewers
who want to go back and maybe look at
some context, we did have of course CIC
uh on I would say about a month and a
half back early early December
underscoring the you know why a stronger
currency does not run counter to efforts
to reflate uh the economy and of course
it does help. It comes from the chief
strategist who by the way also came
previously from from from safe which is
the the forex uh regulator. Right. uh
right have a look at the markets right
now it that's certainly an exercise
there is a window of opportunity to
revisit of course capital controls and
um of course ever so slowly that has
been uh opened up uh logistic stocks
okay so yeah so this is really I think
for for one we are getting the mirror
um the same direction in terms of market
reaction to what we had overnight to you
[music] know things like trucking stocks
for example right overnight as it
pertains to this AI scare trade Uh very
[music] quickly, let's have a look at
how we're doing about an hour an hour 25
minutes into the cash market session.
We're down about 1.1%. [music]
Jerus coming up. There we go. Bottom of
the screen still up 17% now losing
count, [music] but yes, it's rallied
quite substantially. Plenty more ahead.
Second hour of the show coming up.
Welcome back to the China show this
morning. Taking a look at the hanging
half an hour [music] into the session
and I think Mark Cranfield really puts
it best on the M live blog because he's
saying Chinese tech stock talks they
can't wait for that holiday break
because they've been really under
pressure today. And actually when you
take a look at at what's declining the
most on on the benchmark, it really is
still those big tech names for another
day.
>> Yeah. 700 HK is coming up on your
screens. That's 10 cent. BU is down even
further. In fact, more than double uh
the declines we're seeing in 10-centent.
And this really has been a space that
has struggled for for for [snorts]
traction right in the
should we call it a rotation or this
emergence. about this emergence of new
tech plays in China and you know
knowledge atlas juru zai of course is is
is just another way uh iteration of that
another 18% up weren't we trading in the
200s just very recently on that uh but
of course as pertains to the benchmark
itself hangs tech down about 1% speaking
of benchmarks flip the page please
miners across the region under pressure
while we flip the page hen uh the index
the quarterly review and we'll get a
better understanding of what any changes
might be uh at the end uh of the trading
session today. Miners under pressure
with gold uh taking out the 5,000 to the
downside. Of course, Nick a Cosby topics
and straight times index. So Mick Sodash
joined us earlier on. So it's 666 in as
far as their uh their tagline is
concerned. So 6,000 base case on the
Cosby, 6,000 base case on the straits
times index. The bull case under Cosby
as you can see is going the really the
still moving against the grain. 7500 is
the bullcase coming through there out of
Mixo's team. Um and really on the back
of this broader risk aversion is this
we're catching a bit across bond bond
markets today.
>> Yeah, a bit of a flight to safety and
and not that surprising when you put it
in the context of what we saw in the US
overnight. But let's get more on that
now. Bring in Leanting too, our managing
editor for Asia equities. I think what's
kind of surprising this week, Leanting,
is that we've seen the Asian benchmark
rising for every single session, even
with it seemingly every single day we
were coming in a different sector
getting hit. But today, it does seem
like we're finally getting caught up in
this mood.
>> Yeah, still very resilient if you
compare to moves uh that we saw in
NASDAQ overnight. So yeah, we've been
talking about how ch Asia stocks
especially those heavyweights are well
positioned in the AI supply chain and uh
today or recently more recently in
recent days we're seeing numbers showing
up that foreign investors are actually
putting money into these stocks. If you
look at Samson which saw the record
amount of inflows from foreign investors
yesterday and the stock was up more than
6%. I believe the stock was also in the
green today last time I checked. And if
you look at Taiwan, this week was a
holiday shortened week, only three three
trading days, but this week we saw third
largest uh inflows from foreign
investors in Taiwan's history. So really
people are looking for haven. So in a
way it's a US loss becomes Asia's gain
>> within Asia. I just want to talk about
you mentioned Taiwan and then obviously
Korea has been front and center of most
equity stories. uh recently here
globally. I should also mention that
just to underscore the point of Korea uh
but 10 cent I guess as a proxy to just
the you know this this this group of
Chinese platform stocks that have really
lost favor. I think the stock is down
22% off highs which is quite a lot given
you know some of its peers lanting have
gone just the opposite way and more talk
us through this divergence here.
Yeah, Tensson as you guys you know are
talking about AI apps every day but
Tensson seems to be really missing when
we talk about you know the likes of Jipu
uh coming up with new models the likes
of Alibaba keep keeps updating their
Chenuine app but Tencent hasn't really
come up with much uh to talk about to
the public investors about their AI
progress I think that is now cons
considered by investors as Tens not
going aggressive enough in this AI
endeavor versus its domestic peers. So
that's one thing. The second thing is
Tencent usually is considered as you
know very conservative in their spending
but recently it has joined this subsidy
war or price war to give out red packets
to uh the the users to uh to get them to
sign up and that is a move that we saw
among many Chinese AI companies. But
Tencent joining that is also uh making
people worry that that's going to
compress its margin. So these two things
are really leading to the kind of loss
of confidence in 10-centent and also the
the the big underperformance for 10
centing.
Thank you. Denting too there a managing
editor for Asia equities. Just also
mentioned for 10 cent it's it's come
down so much and so fast. The 14-day RSI
is now at 26. 30th is what most people
consider of course the threshold for u
oversold conditions and at 26 is the is
the lowest 14-day RSI going back to
2022. So for your lows on on that
momentum metric, right? Um just ahead,
we briefly talked about Taiwan just now
alluded to it as well. Uh BLA joins us
next week. They've jacked up quite
substantially their growth forecast here
for Taiwan from 4 and a half to 8%. Will
talk us through [music]
uh of course the thesis there, what the
risks are, the opportunities within that
economy. Coming up next, this is
Bloomberg.
Right. Uh welcome back. Right. Just a
couple of headlines to tell you about
coming through out of mainland China.
Shenzhen here. So talking about well
they've issued a notice to regulate uh
gold market operations.
Uh firms can't cannot conduct illegal
well illegal gold trading activities.
Um, and that Shenzhen says that the
says to ban illegal go. Okay. Okay. That
goes without saying. Uh, and that they
can't conduct pre-pricing
transactions. Uh, it's it's worth
pointing out even before the headline
dropped under pressure already across
some of these gold mining names on the
back of the pressured gold that we had
overnight following that almost crosset
uh declines uh in the risk ass sort of
risk of a recession overnight. But yes,
this is the latest here as far as
Shenzhen uh is concerned and gold. There
we go.
>> All right, let's also shift uh shift t
to to what's really been a big story in
the last few hours, which is the US and
Taiwan finalizing a trade agreement to
cut tariffs, boost investments into US
energy and technology projects as well.
So, under the deal, Taiwan's pledged to
buy more than $44 billion worth of LNG
and crude oil from the US. The island's
also going to open its market further to
American goods.
The agreement could boost the resilience
of US supply chains particularly in the
high-tech sectors.
>> Okay. Yeah. So, this comes ahead of this
GDP print which is coming out today. I
think it's the final print if I'm not
mistaken here for 2025. Uh and
economists actually expect Okay, let me
just look at my forecast, right? Because
there's the 2026 number uh and BA will
be joining us to underscore why they've
jacked it up from four and a half to to
8%. But today the the print we're
actually expecting as far as the survey
is concerned is fourth quarter prelim.
Okay, that's that's okay. I'm correct
myself there. 13 let's call it 13% but
13% that's going to be the fastest
growth clip going back uh to about 1987
just to underscore this pickup in
growth. I think it has to do with AI.
I'm not sure.
>> You got a hunch.
>> Yes, that's [laughter] just that's just
you know I woke up with that thought.
Joining us here on set uh to put meat on
the bones of the story uh Xiaoing Pi
greater China economist at BOA Global
Research. She and her team are among the
most bullish on the economy this year
recently upgrading as we were pointing
out their forecast from 4 and a half to
two to 8%. Good morning and very nice to
see you.
>> Good morning David.
>> 8%. Okay. Talk us through the the what
goes into that model.
>> Yeah like today's number might be 13%
might be 12.7%. Well, like it's likely
going to be a blow blowout anyway,
right? So, this doesn't change the
story. So, Taiwan's economy is like AI
supercharged K-shaped economy and that
story is going to hold.
>> Uh, we think that this is mostly about
Taiwan's central role in the global
supply chain for the um for for the AI
capex products. So, Taiwan's really
riding in this once in a centur once in
a generation wave of AI capex. It's
nearly doubling though that forecast. So
what what were the different inputs that
went into the the model and what really
influenced it the most?
>> Yeah, we were talking about the
incremental changes right as you talk
about there's this trade stabilization,
currency stabilization and um you know
AI momentum appear to hold even better
than we had expected and also like the
uh in the fourth quarter data we're
seeing some of these like consumption
finally showing some nassent recovery.
What doesn't make sense to me from just
a purely theoretical textbook paradigm
is if growth is at let's call it 10%.
>> If growth at 10% why is inflation only
at 1 2%.
>> Yeah, that's a really great question
because we're seeing this like really
shaped economy. While we have the 8% or
like 10% surge on the economy, it only
benefits about 5% of the population
because if you add up all those
technology industries, related industry,
services, add up those employees, it
accounts for about 5% of the population.
>> So these people are getting the pay
bonuses, but the rest economy isn't
doing that well. Services, wages are
quite stagnant. Inflation is quite
modest. I mean like you know, nontech
businesses are faltering. they're facing
a stronger currency and more of this
like trade tariff um disruptions.
>> Yeah, that that is really one of the key
themes that has emerged in Taiwan is
just yes a lot of billionaires being
minted and also just a lot of rising
inequality that we're seeing. So how
much of a drag does that become then on
on the print or on the figures your
expectations at all? Yeah, I think like
yeah the the consumption recovery is a
bit on the slow side and especially for
the policy makers like if you are policy
makers in Taiwan you have this really
difficult balancing job to do right so
on one hand you have all these like
surge in growth that you don't have much
control over because there external
demand you don't have much control over
it and then um it's driving the headline
growth but on the other you have to
watch out for the small guys for the
weaker part of the economy the inflation
is still quite modest is below 1.5%. And
the property market has already cooled
down and you're seeing you know the
nontech business are not doing so well.
So what does the central bank have to do
right to to deal with this?
>> It's it's quite a dilemma. So
>> what what what should they do?
>> Um from my from our perspective um at
BFA Global Research, we we basically
expect the central bank to hold rate
steady throughout the rest of 2026.
Okay. And the earliest window for them
to switch to a tightening bias is like
end of this year and early 2027.
>> On the on the the story around capex
because obviously Taiwan is such a big
beneficiary out of all of these spending
plans or companies like TSM TSMC rather
specifically, but they're also under
pressure to to move their operations to
the US and there's also a really big
push on building up self-reliancy and
self-sufficiency in the states as well.
So, does that end up becoming a
challenge, do you think, for Taiwan down
the track just given how much they're
being really pushed to to move their
more advanced production away?
>> Yeah, definitely that's a crucial
question for Taiwan's economic future,
right? So, I think in the at least in
two to three years that technology
leadership that Taiwan has is now being
challenged and remember that TSMC is not
only one firm, you have hundreds of
suppliers of it in Taiwan. And that's
exactly why Taiwan's supply chain is so
mighty.
>> As an economist, it's rare that it's
almost the economy is beholden to just a
handful of of companies, if you want to
put it that way. How how closely do you
track
>> This is a very strange question for me
to ask an economist. Monthly sales
numbers.
>> I I track them every month. Every single
month. And I actually do charts like
when I when I make forecasts of the
capital formation and capac and and
export numbers of Taiwan, I do look at
the TSMC numbers and they track quite
closely.
Yeah. Yeah. Past few quarters quite
>> So
>> what else are you watching? What are the
sort of risk cases or risk factors that
you see for this year?
>> Currency swins is definitely the the
biggest part. Now the currency is quite
stable expected to be stable but that
could introduce some risks if there are
any big swins u you know um some of the
more AI capex uh if the boom either
accelerates or decelerates furthers
faster than you expected that could
introduce some risk you know
geopolitical tensions always there and
yeah all these are sources of um um you
know um risks
>> what about this trade deal that was was
inked very very very recently with the
US how are you looking at that Yeah, I
saw the headlines in the morning. Yeah,
from macro standpoint, I think this is
meaningful in terms of, you know,
reducing the uncertainty
um reducing the policy uncertainty
rather than boosting the growth in a
mechanical manner. You know, so if you
look at the Taiwanese exports to the US,
the majority of it is exempted from
tariffs anyway. That's right. So yeah,
it doesn't really move the needle very
much for the nontech experts, but for
the technology sector, this is really,
you know, uh removing this policy
overhand for them and and it's likely
going to keep, you know, the AI driving
AIdriven momentum uh going
uninterrupted.
>> No, go ahead. No, I was just going to
ask further on that one because we were
just speaking with Laura Davidson before
who leads some of our political coverage
in the US and she was saying that
>> still there's a lot to be hashed out and
and there has been
>> on the detail side
>> on the detail side because yes you get
that sort of initial relief but then as
we've seen in Japan and Korea there's
been stumbling blocks that have happened
post uh the initial chords being accords
being signed. Do you weigh up that risk
at all or or you're not so concerned
about it? Yeah, it's not in our baseline
case. Let me put it that way. Yeah. So,
as long as this like stabilized and um
the AI driving the AI super cycle is
still the the gist of the story, I think
Taiwan is in a good place
>> outside of outside of AI and maybe the
odd individual climbing a very tall
skyscraper.
What else is what else do you think the
global investors should should should be
cognizant of as far as the Taiwan story
is concerned? Hm. Why are they should
care about Taiwan, right? Why why should
they care about
>> outside of AI? What else is going on
there?
>> I think it um it's related to AI, but
it's not exactly about AI. I think
Taiwan is not a big economy, but it
really offers an early look into what an
AI supercharged K-shaped economy could
look like. Oh,
>> so yeah on on one side you have this
like surge in growth, surging headline
growth and on the other side you have
this like people not doing so well.
Domestic demand is not doing so well and
that's why I think like policy makers do
have to care about you know both this
surging headline growth and the domestic
demand and it's like a really difficult
balancing move for them. Oh
>> it's almost impossible. It's almost like
this. We talk about this every day this
week, right? The AI scare trade and how
it's displacing
>> mainstream
>> sectors and I think the K shape car is a
very good example of that.
>> Yeah. And certainly that that risk of of
job loss is really being inflicted
across a lot of different types of roles
as well and ones that are maybe also
further down the the income uh graph or
chart or table. But anyway, we'll leave
that there. That was Thanks so much for
joining us. That was Shaing P there.
Greater China economist at BFA Global
Research. And still ahead on the China
show, Hong Kong is grappling actually
with a shortage of bankers to handle
[music] the hundreds of companies
looking to go public in the financial
hub. We'll have the details next. This
is Bloomberg.
Right, welcome back. Uh, we're about
just going about an hour into the cash
[music] market session, 50 minutes to be
exact, and the two companies coming up,
two stocks coming up on your screens
will be marking 51 minutes as public
companies here in Hong Kong. Um, should
be coming up on your screens. One is
doing maybe slightly better uh than the
other uh by a margin of about 220
points. Uh this just underscores I mean
this is almost like you know how just
how the sausage is made right producing
a show uh this has become a template to
the China show for the China show having
a daily look at the list of companies
coming to the market raising money it's
really become a feature of the show just
underscores how busy uh ECM bankers have
been in fact there has been now a
shortage of bankers as the city
experiences just this resurgence in IPOs
and January marked the busiest ever
start to the year for new listings. To
tell us more, our Asia ECM reporter Dave
Sebastian is here to tell us really why
this banker shortage is happening.
>> Yeah. So, Hong Kong IPOs have just come
off a four-year high and it's been very,
very busy recently. And as a result, you
know, bankers have way too much on their
plates. And you know this comes off
after several years of downturn in dealm
when banks were you know like cutting
jobs and and like you know like um for
like just for you know just last year uh
we saw a four year high and you know and
like so they're struggling to keep up
with the pace of hiring at this point
and that's led to the SFC at HEX um
sending letters to to some banks um
warning them that the IPO filing quality
has declined because of these overworked
bankers and um other factors as Well, so
it's really just a mismatch in that, you
know, hiring pace and the deal flow.
>> So I guess then is the solution to hire
more headcount is is that what's
happening or what else is being done to
address the issue?
>> It is and banks are scrambling to hire
you know what we know as signing
principles. They're the lead bankers
that have to be stab on just like staff
on like these deals and uh you know the
exam um body that administers these
exams for assigning principles you know
they're telling us that exams are
running all the way through Chinese New
Year because banks are rushing to hire
these and promote their staff from
within. Uh but at the same time it's
also not that straightforward because uh
there's a lack of enough people to
promote from within as well. you know,
these mid-level bankers who would have
been qualified to uh take on these jobs
had been cut. So, as a result, they're
um you know, pushing from other banks as
well at this point to keep up with that
demand.
>> And it's also the fact that, you know,
we're the the resurgence in the IPO
market was almost a complete almost a
complete 180 from the previous years
where it was almost empty as far as
deals. It's not like the pipeline was
being built
>> slowly gradually gradually to
>> just a deluge. So that takes us then
into the outlook for the rest of the
year. Does the deal volume continue?
What are you hearing?
>> Yes, I mean there are some 400 um IPO
filings that are out there. So there's
definitely not a shortage of deals to
work on. There are a number of big ones
including a Sententa which is expected
to fetch up to $10 billion you know if
that pans out this year. Um so there's
definitely I mean you know a lot of
deals to work on but at the same time um
in terms of the filings like these new
filings to come in the coming months um
we're hearing that you know there could
be some slight slowdown because the
banks have to you know I'm sorry these
banks have to um sort their staffing
issues um on these deals.
>> Dave, great reporting and no surprises
really. This is one of the best read
stories on the terminal so far this
morning. That's uh Dave Sebastian there,
our ECM reporter in Asia. And some other
corporate stories we're tracking as well
because Cityroup, speaking of banks, has
boosted the 2025 pay of its CEO, Jane
Fraser to $42 million. That's a 22%
increase, and it follows a year which
saw the stock surge more than any other
Wall Street bank. The pay bump also puts
Fraser's [music] total package for the
year just 1 million behind that of JP
Morgan's Jamie Diamond.
China's top car makers including BYD
[music] and Gile are reportedly bidding
for a Nissan MercedesBenz plant in
Mexico. Reuters [music] sites an
unidentified source saying those
companies are finalists to buy the plant
which Nissan plans [music] to close by
May. It's a sign that US tariffs
designed to keep the Chinese out could
actually bring [music] them closer to
American shores.
Anthropics [music] completed a $30
billion funding deal from investors
including Singapore's sovereign wealth
fund GIC [music] and CO2 management. The
deal values the AI company at $380
billion making it one of the world's
most valuable [music] private companies.
Anthropic also confirmed plans to let
employees sell shares in the company at
the same valuation as the [music] latest
round.
>> Right, let's have a look at shares of
Lenovo. So the earning story was out
yesterday. It's permeating in the form
of more commentary coming through as it
pertains to uh the memory squeeze. I
guess if you think about the downstream
users of memory, right? Lenovo, the PC
makers, hardware makers are I guess in
some ways because of price hikes are
having to deal with either margin issues
or even passing that on uh to consumers.
We're up though 2% up uh on shares of
Lenovo today. So good good move in the
markets. Uh Win Macau coming up on your
screens. Uh should be outpac. So, we're
down about 4 uh 6% uh underperforming
the markets today. More that's coming up
on your screens too very shortly. That's
listed here in Hong Kong on the back of
uh just headlines coming through in the
last few minutes [music] or so. China
tightening control over over capacity to
curb over or address [music] over
capacity in the ecigarette space and
property stocks about an hour back. Uh
the property price home price numbers
did come [music] through and we are
looking at some declines there across
the market. Not much change as far as
home price [music] trajectory is
concerned.
It's 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo this morning.
Japanese markets just about to go onto
their lunch break. probably for good
reason really. I mean, we've seen quite
a lot of downward pressure this morning
in the session. It does follow what was
a pretty nasty overnight session as well
on Wall Street. But the AI pain trade is
finally showing up in Asia today because
all week we've been talking about how
Asia was really quite insulated further
up the AI value chain, disconnected, but
but we are getting sort of swept up in
that riskoff fever today.
>> Yeah. Uh it I guess it doesn't help that
some of these names have been bit up
quite substantially and you are getting
some pressure. What's interesting that
the phenomenon coming through in Japan
and Korea specifically as you get this
rally taking place uh implied vaults
actually been on the way up as well. So
those two things don't normally coexist
in that way. So one will have to give uh
but yeah okay as it stands we're looking
at some not to the extent of overnight
but yeah we have snapback as far as
correlations go there. Soft Bank on your
screens earning story yesterday. Um 6
and a half%
um obviously you had this realization
from a financial perspective on its
exposure to open AI but certainly the
questions remain in terms of just the
what happens in the future as it
pertains to further uh exposure uh is
concerned. Okay. Uh just very quickly
speaking of an earning story I have to
correct myself so my mistake I'm sorry.
Um we we mentioned and I think we showed
you earlier that Win Macau
um uh Win Macau reported earnings. I see
my ability to put mistakes and you know
just selectively selectively remember
the
>> Wind Resorts in the US.
>> There we go. Wind Resorts came out with
earnings. Wind Macau has not yet come
out with earnings and there's no clear
indication just yet. Could come out
anytime soon actually on the back of
Wind Resorts in the US but I was wrong.
There we go. Um, why don't we brighten
up the mood? Brighten up the mood for
me, Bel. I'm I'm sinking deeper into
this.
>> Get you out of that Malaysian.
>> Yeah. Let's talk about celebratory time
of the year.
>> Luna New Year holidays. Yes.
>> Happening next week. Weeklong closure of
markets, of course, in mainland China.
So, let's get more with our China
correspondent, Mim Lo. So, yeah,
obviously this is the travel rush. It's
it's it's the busiest time of the year.
What is going to be the spending
patterns? What are going to be the
travel platforms doing as well? all the
patterns this year too to watch.
>> Yeah, we're really expecting a bumper
crop this year because Luna New Year
this year is the longest ever holiday
that China has. It's 9 days. Previously,
it's been 8 days or 7 days. So, this
year is longer than usual. So, that
means we're expecting uh people to
travel for longer and spend more
increase in both inbound and outbound
tourism particularly to uh destinations
further a field especially the visa-free
countries like Russia, Turkey, the
Middle East. Of course, Europe is always
a favorite destination, but bear in mind
this year's Luna New Year also coincides
with the Winter Olympics in Italy. So, I
don't know about you, but my social
media feed has been slammed with a lot
of posts from Guiling um and her ski
events. So, that has really sparked a
rush to learn how to ski in China. So,
endless have been saying ice and snow
destinations in China is going to be
quite popular. If you look at the number
of ski resorts and the number of
visitors going to those ski resorts in
China, it's been steadily increasing
over the years and they are also
benefiting from the tension with Japan
because many people are cancelling their
trips to Japan which is always a a prime
destination for ski resorts as well. So
overall expecting pretty good numbers
and also uh the Chinese government is
allocating over 2 billion UN in
incentives uh to in terms of vouchers
subsidies to encourage people to spend
more on dining, accommodation, uh
leisure, entertainment, tourism. Yeah.
>> Okay. Uh Minman, thank you so much.
Minman Lo are trying to correspondent
there. So clearly places like Yabuli are
in favor uh a part u outside of things
like usually Nco is very popular, right?
But not not
>> and Hakoba
>> and Hakoba. Yes. Yes. Yes. If you want
to venture just south of um south of
Hokkaido. There we go. Okay. Um speaking
of right travel capacity, flight
capacity, if that's domestic focused,
are we getting more sort of routes
across Southeast Asia as it pertains to
this sort of uh travel rush that's
taking place? Help us just to help us
understand that. Joining us here on set
is Zoe Zoe Wang uh global infrastructure
ratings director at FIT. She covers
airports in mainland China and also in
Hong Kong. It's very nice to see you
>> see you again.
>> Um so talk us through clearly there's a
geopolitical angle here between the
tension between China and Japan. We we
know what the headlines look. There has
been a drying up of
>> tourism flow but what are you seeing as
far as industry capacity is concerned
flight capacity? Yeah, I think for the
international capacity I think this
always on a recovery trend and it's it's
very obviously trend but I think the the
overall dynamic market is still like
very reshaping the the markets and means
top destination always change compared
to the last years. I mean last year
Japan always on the top of the list but
this year it disappear on the top list
and South Korea and other like the South
Asia countries now climb up and
definitely the geopoly issue will be a
very important factors in these
pictures. um some people because of um
afraid of the geopolitic issues and they
cancel their Japanese flights and they
transfer their interest to other similar
places and the South Korea will be a
very good alternatives and also the
South Asia some places because the nice
weather and cooler weather warmer
weather I'm sorry
>> warmer weather is especially during the
winters and also the value for money and
the distance and there are like the
tourist promotion things and it will be
a very good place I mean the replacement
ment for the Japan. So actually I don't
think the demand is shrinking just
shipped to the other places and air
carrier at the same time and just cater
for the demand they change their I mean
the capacity to other markets just for
the high profit and yeah exactly
>> and and what does the the spending look
like? People prepared to to spend bigger
this year do you think in than in years
past or what what what what's that going
to look like? Yeah, I I think this a
broad topic because people overall they
are concerned about their um you know
their overall market may not be so good
and people may concerned about the
consumption power but I think now people
may uh are willing to spending on more
valued things especially like experience
le travel. So we actually have noticed
some like the phenomena and the trends
that people are willing to spending more
like a travel exper experience things
and also like the restaurant things and
so during spring festival we
>> expect there will be some like burn deal
in the consumer sectors.
>> Where are you seeing the fastest pace of
uh increased flight capacity which which
specific routes
>> from from mainland China? If from
mainland China I think for the domestic
the biggest u I mean the busiest city
was still in the main hub like the
Beijing, Shanghai and Guangjo and Chandu
some things and but we are also seeing
some trends that the very popular I mean
the destinations like coming up like the
Mimi just mentioned that the uh northern
parts like the Chongai and yeah also
Harbing and also south part like Hainan
because people some northern people want
to fly to sauce to enjoy like the warm
weather and south people want to s fly
to north to enjoy like I mean so icy and
snowing weather just have a different
experience during spring festivals. So
we see a very like interest trend like
the north and south exchange trend but
for the international capacity that bit
different because some flights
previously that flight to Japan now they
direct redirected the flight to the
south Asia and Hong Kong and also yeah
also some to long road like Australia
now become generally to more popular
destination and also Russia because they
benefited from the visa visa issues and
yeah
>> and and as me was saying just now This
is a really long holiday period. I think
she was saying the longest one we've
seen at nine days and we've seen it
seven eight before. Do you think that
also changes the the makeup of people
that are searching for destinations that
are further a field like as you said
Russia or Australia? Yeah, exactly that
will be benefit for the longhaul period
and also I would like mention that 90
days hard actually it's longer than
usual right this also like change the
travel pattern because people normally
would like to do the two-stage travel
the first they will back to hometown for
the travel like the family reunion and
then they will take another travel for
mean vacation or like more the tourist
tourism based they just have another
experience so actually gradually like
change the travel pattern And there we
actually see the the overall industry
changing compared to the last years.
>> What about international arrivals into
into China? How has that because we've
also seen I think in recent months visa
restrictions or visa fee free access
being granted and I wonder what you're
seeing on your front. Yeah, I think this
may not be uh specific for spring
festival because it's a like a very you
know peak season and foreign investor
may trying to avoid this peak season but
overall visa like the the favorable visa
like the method so definitely will help
to like the boost the foreigners come to
China and from the number perspective we
also see the last year actually the
foreigners more foreigners coming to
China. Yeah.
>> And what about your outlook for 2026?
Does this sort of tell us where things
are headed? You know we we've talked a
lot about this shift more to experiences
and away from sort of luxury consumption
for instance.
>> Yeah. Overall I have to say like for the
overall outlook of 2026 we still
maintain the neutral outlook because it
is definitely supported by the
normalized growth in the in both
international uh passenger growth as
well as a very strong dome base but it
also has some headwinds like the overall
uncertainty in the geopolitical issues
and also some less tension strength. So
yeah we still overall maintain the
neutral outlook. Can I before you go
just want to ask you as a final question
we almost treated you I apologize as a
travel agent but of course you you your
you brought a remmit of course
infrastructure and then just hope it
happens to cover airports the reason I
bring it up that way is because
infrastructure is a very big push in
China yes given the spending that the
government wants right so what's your
outlook on in terms of just the
financing conditions out there project
financing private debt and all these
things that come together under your
world
>> yeah I think for the finance perspective
I still have a very um how to say like
the positive outlook for their for the
chi Chinese in because it's still a
mainstream for the government's
priorities right
>> yeah so yeah basically for the financing
I don't have much worry about this and
actually government supports the
government uh bank banks will always
like support this kind of project will
be the the fundamental of the e
economist right so for the other stream
like the private equity and for the uh
like high quality infrastructure
projects. They will also have interest
of this.
>> Okay,
>> Zoe. Well, happy new year then and uh
>> yeah,
>> good luck braving the airports then if
you are one of the people that's
traveling next week as well. But that
was Zoe Wong there, global
infrastructure ratings director at Fitch
Ratings and a reminder of our new online
feature. This is the Bloomberg video
hub. Subscribers can explore live
streaming, news, interviews, all of our
Bloomberg TV shows, documentaries,
reporter analysis, and [music] more. So
do check it out at bloomberg.com/videos.
This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. Here are some of the big
political stories that we're tracking
[music] today. and Goldman Sachs top
lawyer, that's Kathy Rumler, is leaving
the firm following the release of
documents showing her links with sex
offender Jeffrey Epstein. In a
statement, CEO David Solomon says he
respects [music] her decision to resign.
Rumler was hired by Goldman in 2020 and
later became its legal chief. The banker
said she disclosed to the firm's
leadership at the time that she [music]
had previously dealt with Epstein.
Bloomberg's learned that Venezuela plans
to [music] grant more oil production
land to Chevron and Repzol. Sources say
officials in the country's capital are
preparing to award [music] the
exploration and production blocks as
soon as this week. US Energy Secretary
Chris Wright has toured a project
operated by Chevron [music] in
Venezuela's Oronco oil belt.
Washington's pushing for private
companies to rebuild the nation's energy
[music] sector.
Meanwhile, Open AI is warning US
lawmakers that its Chinese rival
Deepseek [music] is using unfair methods
to extract results from leading American
AI models to then train the next
generation of its chatbot. [music]
That's according to a memo reviewed uh
by Bloomberg. Now, OpenAI accused
Deepseek of using distillation
techniques uh to [music] free ride on
the capabilities developed by OpenAI and
other American labs. Now, OpenAI is said
[music] to have started raising concerns
about the practice after DeepSeek
released the model [music] last year.
>> Yeah. And just taking a look at at AI
stocks generally or two specifically in
Hong Kong today because you are just
seeing really big gains here for JIPU
and Miniax. Of course, the whole story
is really revolved around JIPU over the
past 24 hours or so. But they did just
actually launch an update to their
foundation model GLM now the fifth
iteration and we've seen a very sharp
rally off the back yesterday in the
session. I think gains are around 30%
but again extending into the session
today and a lot of analysts initiating
their coverage and having pretty bullish
price targets on both JIPO and Miniax
that listed within a day of each other.
>> Yes, I remember that week was quite busy
and who would have known at that point
in time that shares would be trading at
these levels, right? people were just in
the 200s uh on some of these prices too.
Uh well that that's just also to
underscore this broader trend of this
this new generation of uh Chinese
entrepreneurs, Chinese billionaires, AI
billionaires of course, right? This
rapidly uh building huge fortunes you a
lot of them hitting the markets raising
a lot of money and then the stock prices
just go through the roof. This this
quest for technological independence on
the part of Beijing. Now for more on
today's big take that is the topic here.
Our wealth reporter Dan Lee is with us
here on set to talk us through of course
this rising cohort of new rich.
>> Yeah. So this is probably going to be
your most comprehensive list or of all
the Chinese individuals who are winning
from this AI race and they really
represent this new generation of tech
elites in China that are pretty
different from the previous generation
of the consumer internet tycoons who
built their wealth about a decade ago.
So for this generation, they really
build their wealth by building their
company business goals in alongside with
the Chinese government's goals of
technological self-sufficiency,
especially at a time when there is a lot
of restrictions from the US in terms of
AI chips and software. These Chinese
founders really find a way to fill that
void uh in China domestically. And
essentially they're helping China to
challenge the US dominance in AI. And
the message for us is that in today's
China, the wealth creation is
increasingly intertwined with the
country's goal of uh technological
independence.
>> You're just taking a look at some of
those names there. And you can see here,
yeah, there's Juna and uh Le Derbing
from Jipu as well. I mean, they were the
two ones that listed of late. But what
are sort of the demographics of of these
people?
>> Yeah. So if you look at their
backgrounds, a lot of them come from
very elite academic or engineering
background especially along the silicon
supply chain. Uh a lot of them come from
the elite engineering schools like
Chinua University, Chinese Academy of
Science. Uh one of the richest person on
our list is uh Chenu. He is the founder
of Chinese AI chipmaker Camry Kong. And
this guy actually entered college at the
age of 16. So he was part of this child
prodigy class uh demitted by the Chinese
Academy of Science. So these people's
talents are discovered really early by
uh the Chinese government. Um and uh if
you look at their uh professional
background, a lot of them haven't really
studied or worked outside of mainland
China. You look at founders like Deep
Seek, Unit Tree. So there's more of
these like locally educated homegrown
talent. But on the other hand, we do see
an increasing number of um the talents
who used to work or study in the US
decide to come back, start their own
companies in China. uh for example we
have two AI chip maker companies
founders they used to work for Nvidia
and AMD respectively more threads and uh
uh MetaX so yeah so these people are
probably we're going to see more and
more of that because the visa hurdles in
the Trump administration makes it very
difficult for Chinese students to study
or work in the US so they will probably
come to come back to China more and
joining this increasing number of the
locally AI talent as well
>> it's a good mix right because it
previously used to be a lot of the
homecoming, you know, people who get
educated in China, go abroad, further
education, build their careers, and come
back. That's a good point. Of course,
I'm just looking at the the bio here of
Chenu, right? 40, he's $22 billion, PhD
in computer science, some University of
Science, Technology of China, which is
interesting. Um, anything else that
surprised as you guys came up with this
list? Yeah. So, I guess the most
surprising thing is that most of our
readers probably have never heard of
these names and these people are
extremely low-key. They try their best
to avoid media as much as they can. So,
that kind of low-iness is really
strategic because on the one hand, they
understand the key message from China is
common prosperity. The last thing they
want to do is to brag about their wealth
or spend their money lavishly. So and on
the other hand they also don't want to
attract um unnecessary attention from
the US government as they don't want to
end up on the entity list or sanction
list that will create some uh friction
for their business. So even if they're
billionaires they understand that
invisibility is their biggest luxury. Uh
yeah, and I just want to add that this
list is by no means comprehensive
because we will likely see more and more
of these new upcoming new names in 2026,
especially with a group of Chinese egg
companies trying to do IPOs in both the
mainland market and the Hong Kong IPO
market which is quite uh popular these
days. So we will be keep tracking these
names. They'll probably be coming from
AI hardware uh software machinery
infrastructure everywhere. So yeah, we
will keep profiling these names. So,
please stay tuned to our coverage there.
>> We'll do.
>> Yeah. Fascinating. And and as you say,
more billionaires on the way, it seems
if we take a look.
>> Less invisible because of this list, but
yes, [laughter]
>> we'll find you.
>> Yeah.
>> And we'll profile you and then ask you
on [clears throat] Bloomberg TV.
>> Yeah, he's on Liam Niss now, but yes.
Anyway, [laughter]
>> an attractive proposition.
>> Yes, you can check out the piece on the
Bloomberg terminal or also on
Bloomberg.com. Fantastic big take there,
of course, on China's [music] rising
cohort of new AI billionaires.
[music]
>> Right, welcome back. [music] So before
we get into this, of course, a very long
holiday. Markets are going to be shut
across mainland China. We, you know,
have a couple days off in Hong Kong.
It's of course the Lunar New Year. Uh
most people that I know are have already
started if not checked out mentally.
They're probably still at [laughter]
work, but it that's just to say, of
course, it is the as we were just
talking about, right, the longest
>> uh longest stretch of holidays, right?
And
>> nine days.
>> Nine days. And uh we have a almost a
tradition now uh on Bloomberg TV. So,
this is Bloomberg merch.
>> This is my first year, so I'm excited.
You're you're you're you're driving
this.
>> This is Yeah, this is number two or
number three for me. So, these are our
mystery boxes, and obviously the it's
the it's it it Well, we'll find out. Why
don't you Why don't you Why don't you
proceed with yours? I mean, it's it's
going to be no surprise, of course, that
because we're going into the year of the
horse, it's Sam variation of
>> Oh, okay. Like a unicorn. Could it be it
>> or is that too far?
>> I don't I don't [laughter] know. I guess
you you had to open yours. Uh we're
going to find out very very soon. Yeah.
So,
>> okay.
>> Shout out of course to Bloomberg Merch
for this. Okay. What do you have?
>> Yeah. We should clarify it is Bloomberg
merchandise.
>> Yes.
>> Oh, wow.
>> What's yours? Okay.
>> It's a green horse with a
>> Mine is yellow and I believe Okay. So,
that's the mystery box. Okay. So,
>> so Hey, what's the mystery here?
>> Huh? What is the mystery?
>> Which of the four types? Read the read
the fine print, Belle. Yeah. Which of
the four types of horses?
>> We had so much time to prepare and you
didn't give me instructions.
>> Well, not that I'm taking away the
element of [laughter] of surprise. The
bell is just there and this is this is
mine. So, um, this just basically
completes the set up until this point.
Of course, in terms of this, the And I'm
going to place it here. Just a reminder
for our viewers.
>> Oh, it's a majong horse
>> that we're coming off. I feel like I got
the winner. This is the best one.
>> Years of the the tiger.
>> I better put mine down there.
>> The rabbit.
Um, and then of course we're coming up
the year of the snake. And I'm just
going to squeeze in. There we go. The
two horses. Or should they be back to
back? Oh, no. You know, let me face the
camera like me and Ben.
>> Yes. Cavalry there.
>> There we go. All right. So, uh, yeah. To
all our viewers who joined us, of
course, the last
year of the year of the snake, thank you
so much. We wish you of course
happiness, health, prosperity. Um, hug
your family, spend time with your loved
ones of course. And of course, don't
forget about us. You know, we'll be back
on Monday.
Traumatic broadcasting Monday, Thursday,
and then Friday.
>> I had checked out and I was pretending
it was a very long holiday, but okay.
Thank you so much for that, Bill.
>> We'll be back on Monday. But, uh,
>> hard at work, dark and early.
>> Who has checked out mentally? I don't
know. That's you. We can't afford to.
This is our business. [laughter]
>> All right. Well, that is it for the
China show for this Friday. As we said,
see you again on Monday. And leaving you
with the last look here of the [music]
hang as we go into the session. 90
minutes into trade so far and we are
moving to the downside.